Update project introduction (#1391)
Azure/azure-functions-dotnet-worker: README.md

# Azure Functions .NET Worker

> Welcome to the Azure Functions .NET Worker Repository. Since 2020, Azure Functions introduced an **Isolated Worker Model**, running as an isolated language worker that is separate from the Azure Function runtime. This allows you to have full control over your application's dependencies, easily incorporate Dependency Injection as well as other advanced .NET features such as middleware.

Reviewer: - The second sentence could flow a little more smoothly; maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Welcome to the Azure Functions .NET Worker Repository. Introduced in 2020, Azure Functions' **Isolated Worker Model** moves function execution into a separate language worker process. Isolating function execution from the Azure Functions runtime allows you to have full control over your application's dependencies and easily incorporate advanced .NET features such as middleware and dependency injection.
```

> Welcome to the Azure Functions .NET Worker Repository. Since 2020, Azure functions introduced an **Isolated worker Model**, running as an isolated language worker that is separate from the Azure Functions host runtime. This allows you to have full control over your application's dependencies, easily incorperate Dependency Injection as well as other advanced .NET features such as middleware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Azure Functions .NET Worker Repository. Since 2020, Azure Functions introduced an **Isolated Worker Model**, running as an isolated language worker that is separate from the Azure Function runtime. This allows you to have full control over your application's dependencies, easily incorporate Dependency Injection as well as other advanced .NET features such as middleware.
```

> A .NET Isolated worker process function works different to a .NET in-process function. For .NET Isolated, you build an executable that imports the .NET Isolated language worker as a NuGet package. Your app includes a [`Program.cs`](samples/FunctionApp/Program.cs) that starts the worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A .NET Isolated worker process function works differently from a .NET in-process function. For .NET Isolated, you build an executable that imports the .NET Isolated language worker as a NuGet package. Your app includes a [`Program.cs`](samples/FunctionApp/Program.cs) that starts the worker.
```

Reviewer: Although the specific preposition (to/from/than) seems to be a matter of region and preference; TIL! [Is it 'different from' or 'different than'? | Merriam Webster](https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/different-from-or-different-than)

> A .NET Isolated worker process function works different than a .NET in-process function . For .NET Isolated, you build an executable that imports the .NET Isolated language worker as a NuGet package. Your app includes a [`Program.cs`](samples/FunctionApp/Program.cs) that starts the worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A .NET Isolated worker process function works different to a .NET in-process function. For .NET Isolated, you build an executable that imports the .NET Isolated language worker as a NuGet package. Your app includes a [`Program.cs`](samples/FunctionApp/Program.cs) that starts the worker.
```
